ISEA2026 Call for Proposals
Artistic Proposals (Exhibition, Artworks, Performance, Screening, etc.) 
 
We invite submissions of artworks that respond or relate to the themes of the ISEA2026 Symposium. Submissions may include artworks across a wide range of media: electronic new media, performance, interactive works, concerts, screenings, installations, site-specific and interdisciplinary projects, animation, video, experimental media, photography, and public space interventions. 
While main gallery exhibitions will be staged at primary ISEA2026 venues, there will be opportunities for alternative forms of presentation. Accordingly, we welcome submissions from artists at all stages of their careers.
Submission Requirements (2–4 pages):
Artist biography (maximum 300 words)
Thematic statement (200–500 words)
Artwork proposal (300–800 words)
Images, sketches, and/or drafts
Technical and logistical requirements
Links to video documentation online (required for all performance proposals)
CV/portfolio
Deadline: 15 December 2025, by 11:59 PM (GMT+4) 
Format: Artistic Proposal Format Instructions and Template (PDF) 
Review and Criteria: Artistic proposals will be reviewed by a jury of art professionals and ranked based on quality, relevance to the theme and ISEA, originality, and potential impact. The artistic chairs and curators will make final recommendations for acceptance or rejection, considering the jury’s evaluations, overall feasibility, and alignment with the symposium’s exhibition program. Final decisions rest with the organizing committee.
Outcome: 
Selected artists/artworks will be curated into the ISEA2026 exhibition, screening, etc. Selected performances may be staged in outdoor or indoor venues; thus, please be sure to describe any special requirements.

Please refer to the website for updated information: https://isea-2026.isea-international.org/










Length of Papers
Please note that submission lengths must be all inclusive.
Application Form 
Artist Bio (within 300 words)
Thematic Statement (200 – 500 words)
Artwork Proposal (300 – 800 words)
Images, Sketches, Drafts
Technical and logistical requirements
Links to video documentation online (if applicable)

CV / Portfolio 

Style and Format
Templates that implement these instructions can be retrieved at https://isea2026.isea-international.org/



Artist Bio and CV
Artist Bio text should be 12 points, within 300 words. Your CV has no text restrictions. If you have a video of your past projects, please attach it as a link to the content of the CV.
Thematic Statement (200-500 words) 
The text body should be 12 points. A thematic Statement should describe the artist's overall perspective on their work. Please fill in at least 200 words and at most 500 words.
Artwork Proposal (300-800 words)
The project description should be 12 points. You should select one of the four subthemes of ISEA2026, fill in the details of your artwork. If you have an image or video of the proposal, please attach it as a link to the content of the proposal.
Images, Sketches, Drafts (max. three pages)
Please attach the images, sketches, and drafts in the application. This should not exceed three pages.
For technical questions about Microsoft Word formatting, please seek online tutorials. For other inquiries, please contact: isea@dubaiculture.ae 
ISEA2026 Performance, Artworks, Exhibition, Screening Application Form




Basic Contact Details







Artist Biography (within 300 words)




Thematic Statement (200 – 500 words)




Artwork Proposal (300 – 800 words)



Images, Sketches, Drafts 

You should insert images or photos of your artwork including the material information.












Technical and Logistical Requirements








Links to the Video Documentation Online (If Applicable)


